There are Hello er Castle Korean beef farmers like is there a here Introduction
This is something like this
Take a capsule-type espresso
Well you will find a scene Starbucks and shadow a cup of coffee drink and 400 yen or 500 yen
Recently at a convenience store in Toka I finally finally got a nice coffee for 100 yen
but
If you drink at home, it will cost about 60 yen per capsule
Where in the shop where black
Because the picture is also delicious coffee can drink and drink another every day
I love to use up to a dedicated cup I like drinking this coffee
So you are particular
Bli Bli and why said something about there, is not it if there is not it or family space
I think I will learn how to drink in a jump or one
Japan's Ano Yare Cha
Just set it on the red- backed house and press the button
You can make such delicious vinegar press of mixed Awawa by this alone
I'm really happy even whether to drink the night here and the roof in the morning
When even once after using this
Let it go
It seems like this is a little bit of water now
This cleaning method in the shop of people it is when I have heard say whether the matches in this
Nde Tteyuu I have a cleaning agent we have bought taught me this time it is here.
It is
This is a bath cleaner for Nespresso Kohimeka
It is said that I want to open immediately
Yes
Also keep in of Oh I'm looked up also something Zenzai Zenzai
There is no Japanese that is suppressed
Instruction manual called Nakano Kedomo've got is changing in many countries
It was examined by the basic all there in English, so a little net
today
Believe in the information on the internet and it's easy to write how to do this
I think
Usually prepare 500 ml of water Into this water I will put the previous cleaning agent
It looks like a normal detergent like this
It is a variety I
pandan
And this a key to this tank
We eddy
Masu Tei
Then set this tamp to the coffee machine normally
Hmm
It seems that this button 5 is pressed simultaneously
Not strong
By pos
Then it's fast and it's a battlefield mode
Accidental button on wash mode
It is that we will remain bare without being dyed
a Then I 'm going to go back to punk again and do it twice
dee dee
Once you've done this , wash the tank inside for business this time
I will rinse with water
The next is over
It has become a beautiful and actual cedar is finished
And I set the cleaning mode earlier
This button is just one button blinking now
When Nagao is small
To a predetermined key mode
Dont return
Internet
Turn off the power and stand
I wondered if the flash was cured, so maybe I took
A little one
I want to put out in color
here
4 I thought what to do an early hole
Yeah yeah
Successfully We finished the Zenjo
I tried the espresso detergent this time
This guy is a little bit expensive, but this person is from the food of a doctor and this is a large bowl
Or once every six months have the Toka this page is that there
The light is new to Mart's Diet and it 's new
How is the shop Yukihira or whether or not by the relief Wash mode only sea lion show in
nude
Please try here Please refer to if it is good is the low back pain
Thank you for the introduction of the espresso coffee machine bath cleaning above
I will
Until the end Thank you for your viewing Huh
Thank you for your subscription
If you are looking at that PC
I will wait for the way
Click from the right hot water pattern
Ah ah ah ah
If you have a smartphone tablet
Thank you from the explanation column below
Ah ah ah ah
Thank you in advance